# Possible problems and solutions for【apostle】

## **Auction rules**

\(1\) Auction method: The whole Dutch auction will be used. If no other players participate in the auction within 10 minutes, the apostle will be sold.

【Complete Dutch auction: The price decreases with a certain time interval, according to a predetermined price reduction ladder, from high to low. When other players participate in the bid, the price index rises.】

\(2\) The release rate of the apostle: At present, the first generation of apostles have been sold out, and you can buy apostles from other players in the market.

## **Why are some prices of apostle falling, and some prices rising?**

\(1\) The auction uses a complete Dutch auction, where the price decreases with a certain time interval, according to a predetermined price reduction ladder, from high to low, and when other players participate in the bid, the price index rises.

\(2\) The apostle by the player can be customized the start/end price, that is, you can choose the price increase/decrease/fixed to sell your own plot.

## **Why Show \[being bidden\]? What should I do?**

The whole Dutch auction will be used. If no other players participate in the auction within 10 minutes after you, the apostle be yours;

If another player bids to participate in the auction within 10 minutes after you, you will see that the apostle "being bidden".

At this point, you can choose not to bid to abandon the apostle or bid again to participate in the auction to obtain the apostle.

## **Why is \[transaction failed\]？**

#### There may be a “transaction fail” when participating in a apostle auction. The reason may be that other players preemptively purchase the apostle \(successful purchase is marked by the Ethereum network confirmation\) or the Gas fee is too low to cause the transaction to fail.

## **Why stopped at \[waiting for confirmation\]?**

There may be a “waiting for confirmation” when participating in the auction/claim the apostle, the reason may be that the Gas fee is too low and the transaction is packaged slowly. At this time, the player can choose to wait, increase the cost of the Gas or cancel the transaction according to the transaction status at this time.

## **Show \[Congratulations! Transaction successfully\], but I can't find my apostle?**

Networks and systems sometimes have short delays, please wait and refresh.

## **When the land is sold, do the apostles still on the land be sold together?**

After the land is sold, you can stop apostle working and make him/her go home. But when the lan d is sold until you let the apostles stop working, the minerals dug by the apostles are owned by the landlord.

## **Is each apostle unique?**

Yes, each apostle has an appearance and talents determined by unique genes.

## **What does the first- and second-generation apostle mean?**

The original apostle is generated by the system, which is also called the 0 generation. The descendants of them are the first generation, and so on. Two apostles of different generations may have children. For example, the first generation and the fourth generation can breed the fifth generation.

## **What would happen if apostles give birth to a baby?**

A male and female apostle \(proximity of blood excluded\) from the same race can breed healthy offspring, whose genes will be determined by the parents’ genes with genetic algorithms, which can inherit, cross and mutate the genes of their parents. There may be an advanced genetic variation to make the recessive genes of the parents become dominant, therefore giving birth to a rare apostle.

## **How to work?**

The apostles can mine on their own lands, or they can work on other player's lands. Players need to list their apostles on job market, indicating work period \(at least 7 days\) and daily wages \(in RING\). Other player can decide whether to hire the apostle based on the apostle's talent and wages. Once get employed, the apostle will receive RINGs while the employer will get the mineral resources.

## **How to distinguish the apostle between good and bad?**

Players can have an apostle for collection, education, work or battle. The requirements for or dependencies on the appearance and talent of the apostles varies for different preference of players. It needs to be judged according to the specific scenarios. The official does not intend to publish various efficiency algorithms in specific manner. It is for players to explore on their own.

## **How does the apostle fight?**

Competitive games such as PvE, PvP, siege, group warfare and national war require the participation of apostle. This part of the game is under development.

